docs: update commands documentation (issue 1429) and minor corrections (#1560)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/completion.md

> 

Reviewer: hmm, for some reason this file is not included in the sidebar navigation menu. I will need to check with team to find out why. @Redocly/dark-side

Reviewer 2: It's not exactly a command, it's more like an extended install step. You wouldn't use this by itself so I linked it from locations where it's useful, but it's not a command as such.

> 

Reviewer: Put before the command, "Use the following command to generate the autocompletion script that can be added to your `.bashrc` or `.bash_profile`:

## Examples

### See bash shell example

> From a bash prompt, use the `completion` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate an autocompletion script that can be added to your `.bashrc` or `.bash_profile` file, run the following command from a bash prompt:
```

Author: Updated per suggestion.

```bash
redocly completion
```

> Outputs the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `completion` command outputs the following script with instructions for how to use it:
```

Author: Updated per suggestion.
